now when Hamas carried out those Terror
attacks in Israel on the 7th of October
it didn't just kill and kidnap Israelis
but other nationalities too of those the
biggest group is from Thailand and
officials say eight Thai migrant workers
are still being held hostage DW's gayor
Mattis went to bandong in Northern
Thailand for this
report just a few centimeters take up a
whole hour making carpets with the
neighbors helps Kami lamow pass the time
sick with worry lamow hasn't been able
to work since Hamas terrorists kidnapped
her son more than 140 days ago the only
visitors to her tailor shop these days
are local officials inquiring about her
situation it's a lot of pressure I can't
rest I can't eat I think about my son
all the time I'm constantly wondering
how he is I was told that they only get
a blanket and I'm sure they don't sleep
because they're so anxious
like many ties her eldest son was in
Israel working for a farmer the 1,000 he
earned a month helped the family back
home Kami lamow bought this tractor for
the family farm with the money her son
sent she says he continued working in
Israel despite knowing it was
dangerous he's actually experienced a
similar situation before two people were
killed right in front of him when they
were hiding in the shelter during
another
attack I told him to come back but he
said it was normal
there in the neighboring Village this
family is reunited Anusha Angel was
released after 50 days of captivity the
money he earned from four years working
in Israel helped him buy a house and set
up a chicken farm but he says he will
never forget the morning of October
7th
they put us in an empty house for about
an hour initially and then moved us to
the
tunnels they hurt us badly especially in
the first two to three
days we were only given bread and water
just enough to survive I counted the
days by meals otherwise we just lay on
the ground and
slept these are the other tie workers he
was held hostage with on the day of
their Le one of them is from the same
Village as Kami Low's son talking to his
mother gives her hope that the most
dangerous part may already be behind
him on the day of the kidnapping there
were a total of five thae workers who
were taken captive but the C could only
fit four more people so they executed
one right there Lord by better wages
than they can get at home tens of
thousands of Thai Nationals especially
from this remote region work in Israel
they're able to do so because of an
agreement between the two countries but
officials like the town mayor feel the
government should do more to protect
citizens it's my personal opinion it is
up to the individual where they want to
go they are the ones who take a risk and
the ones who benefit from
it but the government should provide
adequate information about risk zones so
that people can make an informed
decision the labor agreement with Israel
has been suspended for the time being
many people here would now rather go to
Taiwan or South Korea for work kamiam
now says she wants her son to stay in
Thailand when he finally returns she's
bought some cattle and land for him the
rise in these fields will be ripe in
about a month she hopes he'll be back
home in time for for the
Harvest